// journal_karbytes_30october2024.txt

Within a week of getting a flat tire on my bicycle (i.e. the front tire) I got another flat tire (i.e. the back tire) after riding my bike to the Philz Coffee in downtown Sunnyvale for a second time and leaving that bike parked (and locked) next to another bicycle (i.e. the same bicycle I saw parked there the last few times I visited that area). I also thought I overheard other people making condescending remarks about me. I spent a lot of time applying for jobs which were posted on Indeed dot Com today. I cannot help but feel that I definitely am being ganged up on by people who want me to remain unemployed and obstructed from achieving my goals in an efficient and joyful manner. My life seems to be getting more difficult over time instead of easier. Nevertheless, I'm trying the best I can to stay proactive and authentic instead of letting other people bully me out of bicycling or acting more fear-driven and compliant with their patriarchy. (It could be that I simply ran over thorns and that some or all of the flattened tire incidents were not human-intended. To people's faces I say I think I ran over a thorn or sharp object, but internally I think at least half of those tire flats were deliberately caused by humans who wanted to impede my "workflow" and cause me distress (in order to punish me for being "too happy" or "too functional functional" compared to what they are and/or want me to be)).

* * *

I really have been enjoying sitting inside of the Philz Coffee in downtown Sunnyvale. It is a great place to use the (high-speed) Wi-Fi Internet, charge my electronics, drink exceptionally delicious coffee, and immerse myself in the relatively classy, professional, and youthful culture of Silicon Valley. I would not want some sour-puss sore losers to deter me from taking part in that scene just because they are too uptight, violence-prone, low-brow, and non-progressive to seamlessly fit in (which is why they seem to have relegated themselves to being outside the building near the street while allegedly waiting for some bus (because I thought I rode past the same asshole who was encroaching upon my personal space and smoking cigarettes at me a few weeks ago on my way back to the courtyard where the Philz Coffee is located a second time today and I thought I heard him saying some insults while I was bicycling past him (which makes me think he might have tampered with my bike)). 

To get around that recurring issue of my tires going flat when I park it in that courtyard while staying a while at the Philz Coffee (especially inside away from the rowdy noises and traffic smells and sounds), I plan on parking the bike at the rack in front of the Whole Foods Market two blocks south of that courtyard instead. I also intend to order tubeless tires and have them installed as soon as feasible.

While I'm on the subject of getting bullied (especially in Sunnyvale), I'm going to include a list of web pages within my blog which describe incidents which occurred within the past four months where I felt victimized by other people who seemed to have more "power" in terms of accomplices, weaponry, and economic strongholds (i.e. monetizable property, income sources, and professional and familial references providing testimony affirming those people's relatively superior socioeconomic status):

[Url]
