// journal_karbytes_31october2024.txt

I took my bicycle into Sunnyvale REI today to get its flat tire repaired. While I waited for the repair to get done, I filled out more employment related forms which were sent to me by job recruiters to jobs I might be getting within the next two months. When I got my bike back, I was told that several parts on it were loose (and I said I'd come back later to get the bike tuned up (and I did not explain that the delay on the tune-up was due to me being chronically short on funds)). When I started riding the bike, it was apparent to me that the bike was not in as of good of condition as it was last time I rode it (which lead me to the conclusion that I'll likely have to get it serviced for repairs soon and/or that I'll have to get a new bike soon despite having bought it new less than four months ago).

To make matters worse, I was informed by my mom yesterday that Steve (i.e. the rent-paying housemate living at my dad's house who allegedly befriended my dad when they were both in high school) will be required to move out in order to free up the room he is currently renting to be available for my brother when he comes to visit (and he is currently sharing a house in Las Angeles with close friends and he has a full-time office job). My mom told me yesterday that she will be moving into my dad's house and renting out her current house to tenants in order to have more income available (especially to help me). She asked me several times if her moving into "my" house bothered me and I told her rather nonchalantly that it did not bother me and that it sounded like a reasonable idea (though I did not disclose to her that I did not want Steve to be forced to leave and that Daniel (i.e. my brother) might as well sleep on the couch, use my room (which I hardly spend any time in (and which I essentially only use as a place to store my personal belongings)), or rent a nearby hotel room.

I've been pretty obsessed with my financial situation and money in general lately. Perhaps I'll strike some more variety and balance in my thought processes by doing some more academic activities (e.g. developing more software applications to feature in the section of my blog named SOFTWARE_ENGINEERING_PORTFOLIO, reading/watching intellectually-stimulating media from the World Wide Web, ot even simply scrolling through social media feeds and forum posts (and I must say Bluesky dot Com has some especially good original content and seems to appeal to artists, comic writers, and opinionated types of people)).

This note does not seem to have much if any content which is relevant or useful to people other than karbytes and people who are interested in karbytes (unlike the karbytes-created web pages I've shared as posts on my social media platforms). Hence, I'll just publish this note as a plain-text file and as a Hyper-Text-Markup-Language file in the "micro directory" named raw_github_files_directory_KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_24 of the "macro directory" of my blog.
