// journal_karbytes_29october2024.txt

I considered taking three consecutive days off from making updates to my public Internet platform in order to "practice" being relegated (against my will) to obscurity by those who want to replace me with someone more naive, young, and compliant with the military-industrial complex and associated culture of apathy towards ecological issues, human rights violations which are deemed to be irrelevant by nationalist or local politics, and loss of historical records.

As I was sitting on the Castro Valley BART platform waiting for the Dublin/Pleasanton bound train, I was thinking about how there are many serious unresolved problems going on in the world and in my own personal life which I do not yet have a working solution to and which I fear I may never have a working solution to. Rather than writhe in agony over that fact and consequently spend "too much" of my life suffering in vain (i.e. for no apparent purpose other than perhaps "virtue signaling" to an audience that likely does not appreciate my "virtue signaling" or which will likely forget I ever emitted such "virtue signaling" (such as myself if I am eventually going to be obliterated from existence)), I reasoned that more value can be derived from me choosing to "make the most of" my experiences as in making an effort to habitually train my attention to focus on what brings me satisfaction or engaged amusement instead of on what ultimately leaves me feeling deprived of such.

To augment this note with more personal data, I have recently decided to try sleeping in my dad's backyard either in a tent, under the stars (if the weather is decent), or under the patio roof (which seems less claustrophobic and leaky than being in a tent). For whatever reason, I had difficulty sleeping at my legal residence (which is my dad's house) during the past four years. I think I felt that people were intruding upon my privacy or trying to disrupt my sleep or preferred lifestyle pattern (perhaps out of envy or fear that, if left to my own devices, I would seriously have the power to change their world). It has been "battle of the beds" almost every time I try to sleep in Castro Valley in recent memory for me (which is the main reason why I have been camping out of town). Well, I would like to now "settle down" and enjoy my "privilege" more instead of squander it for the sake of appeasing cantankerous, small-minded apes who implicitly demand I be worn down to my breaking point and/or driven by force out of the territory. This is war, not so gentlemen! I shall not simply surrender and let my "enemies" win without putting up a valiant fight (though I seem to be the only party in this war not trying to disturb other people's peace). After I share this note, I plan on going on a nice long hike into the wilderness northeast of my house and possibly refrain from making any further updates to my blog until 01_NOVEMBER_2024 (while likely making updates to private GitHub repositories I own). Happy Halloween, and goodbye (for now)!

* * *

The following section of this journal entry was written while I was hiking uphill from Castro Valley BART station to my house in order to possibly fetch my bicycle which I left in my room overnight while I was camping at a place which is technically off limits: the back porch of Kenneth C Aitken Senior Center. I was afraid my bicycle would get tampered with if I parked it along the nearby fence or else it would signify to other people that I was located nearby while I preferred to keep such people from knowing I was there. Rather than hike up Ramage Peak trail earlier like I said I would, I am strongly considering bicycling and BARTing back to Silicon Valley today. I'm getting a lot of hostile messages (especially from the "disembodied voices" to leave Castro Valley)...

Walking through Castro Valley seems to take more time, more effort, and is generally more stressful for me than is bicycling through South Bay. It seems like there is literally nowhere I can go in Castro Valley to get respite from other people constantly calling attention to themselves and demanding I focus on them. I also don't like how Castro Valley is full of caterwauling kids and sheltered hags who act like they've never been outside Castro Valley. I would rather make my default location where I was in Silicon Valley/South Bay because there is significantly more space for me to distance myself from other humans and the humans and overall culture and infrastructure down there seems more modern, professional, and adult-oriented instead of child-cebtric or childish. I hate to hate on Castro Valley, but I have not seriously been able to enjoy myself here as much as I was hoping I would despite trying my best to have a positive attitude about this situation. I get the sense that I am implicitly or explicitly being smothered out of existence in that town and that I don't truly fit in well with the culture there. I'm better off keeping my visits to Castro Valley no longer than five hours, not overnight, and generally less often than once per every three days. (I don't want to go for longer than four days without showering).
